README.md, before:

# MetaMask Plugin [![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/MetaMask/metamask-plugin.svg?style=shield&circle-token=a1ddcf3cd38e29267f254c9c59d556d513e3a1fd)](https://circleci.com/gh/MetaMask/metamask-plugin)

## Developing Compatible Dapps

If you're a web dapp developer, we've got two types of guides for you:

- If you've never built a Dapp before, we've got a gentle introduction on [Developing Dapps with Truffle and MetaMask](https://blog.metamask.io/developing-for-metamask-with-truffle/).
- If you have a Dapp, and you want to ensure compatibility, [here is our guide on building MetaMask-compatible Dapps](https://github.com/MetaMask/faq/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md)

## Building locally

 - Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) version 6.3.1 or later.
 - Install local dependencies with `npm install`.
 - Install gulp globally with `npm install -g gulp-cli`.
 - Build the project to the `./dist/` folder with `gulp build`.
 - Optionally, to rebuild on file changes, run `gulp dev`.
 - To package .zip files for distribution, run `gulp zip`, or run the full build & zip with `gulp dist`.

 Uncompressed builds can be found in `/dist`, compressed builds can be found in `/builds` once they're built.

## Architecture

[![Architecture Diagram](./docs/architecture.png)][1]

## Development

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

## Build for Publishing

```bash
npm run dist
```

#### In Chrome

Open `Settings` > `Extensions`.

Check "Developer mode".

At the top, click `Load Unpacked Extension`.

Navigate to your `metamask-plugin/dist/chrome` folder.

Click `Select`.

You now have the plugin, and can click 'inspect views: background plugin' to view its dev console.

#### In Firefox

Go to the url `about:debugging`.

Click the button `Load Temporary Add-On`.

Select the file `dist/firefox/manifest.json`.

You can optionally enable debugging, and click `Debug`, for a console window that logs all of Metamask's processes to a single console.

If you have problems debugging, try connecting to the IRC channel `#webextensions` on `irc.mozilla.org`.

For longer questions, use the StackOverfow tag `firefox-addons`.

### Developing on UI Only

You can run `npm run ui`, and your browser should open a live-reloading demo version of the plugin UI.

Some actions will crash the app, so this is only for tuning aesthetics, but it allows live-reloading styles, which is a much faster feedback loop than reloading the full extension.

### Developing on UI with Mocked Background Process

You can run `npm run mock` and your browser should open a live-reloading demo version of the plugin UI, just like the `npm run ui`, except that it tries to actually perform all normal operations.

It does not yet connect to a real blockchain (this could be a good test feature later, connecting to a test blockchain), so only local operations work.

You can reset the mock ui at any time with the `Reset` button at the top of the screen.

### Developing on Dependencies

To enjoy the live-reloading that `gulp dev` offers while working on the `web3-provider-engine` or other dependencies:

 1. Clone the dependency locally.
 2. `npm install` in its folder.
 3. Run `npm link` in its folder.
 4. Run `npm link $DEP_NAME` in this project folder.
 5. Next time you `npm start` it will watch the dependency for changes as well!

### Running Tests

Requires `mocha` installed. Run `npm install -g mocha`.

Then just run `npm test`.

You can also test with a continuously watching process, via `npm run watch`.

You can run the linter by itself with `gulp lint`.

#### Writing Browser Tests

To write tests that will be run in the browser using QUnit, add your test files to `test/integration/lib`.

### Deploying the UI

 You must be authorized already on the MetaMask plugin.

 0. Update the version in `app/manifest.json` and the Changelog in `CHANGELOG.md`.
 1. Visit [the chrome developer dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard?authuser=2).
 2. Run `gulp dist` (or `gulp zip` if you've already built)
 3. Upload the latest zip file from `builds/metamask-$PLATFORM-$VERSION.zip` as the updated package.

[1]: http://www.nomnoml.com/#view/%5B%3Cactor%3Euser%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-ui%7C%0A%20%20%20%5Btools%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20react%0A%20%20%20%20%20redux%0A%20%20%20%20%20thunk%0A%20%20%20%20%20ethUtils%0A%20%20%20%20%20jazzicon%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20account-detail%0A%20%20%20%20%20accounts%0A%20%20%20%20%20locked-screen%0A%20%20%20%20%20restore-vault%0A%20%20%20%20%20identicon%0A%20%20%20%20%20config%0A%20%20%20%20%20info%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20metamask%0A%20%20%20%20%20identities%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20%5BaccountManager%5D%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%5D%3A-%3E%5Bactions%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%5D%3A-%3E%5Breducers%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%5D%3A-%3E%5Bcomponents%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%7C%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5B%3Cactor%3Eui%20developer%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20developer%5D-%3E%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%3C-%3E%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-background%7C%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%3E%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%3C-%3E%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%5Bconfig%20manager%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Brpc%20configuration%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bencrypted%20keys%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bwallet%20nicknames%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%3C-%3E%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%7C%0A%20%20%5Bplugin%20restart%20detector%5D%0A%20%20%5Brpc%20passthrough%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Brpc%20%7C%0A%20%20%5Bethereum%20blockchain%20%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bcontracts%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Baccounts%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-background%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Brpc%5D%0A

Commit message:

Added instructions for installing local build

README.md, after:

# MetaMask Plugin [![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/MetaMask/metamask-plugin.svg?style=shield&circle-token=a1ddcf3cd38e29267f254c9c59d556d513e3a1fd)](https://circleci.com/gh/MetaMask/metamask-plugin)

## Developing Compatible Dapps

If you're a web dapp developer, we've got two types of guides for you:

- If you've never built a Dapp before, we've got a gentle introduction on [Developing Dapps with Truffle and MetaMask](https://blog.metamask.io/developing-for-metamask-with-truffle/).
- If you have a Dapp, and you want to ensure compatibility, [here is our guide on building MetaMask-compatible Dapps](https://github.com/MetaMask/faq/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md)

## Building locally

 - Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) version 6.3.1 or later.
 - Install local dependencies with `npm install`.
 - Install gulp globally with `npm install -g gulp-cli`.
 - Build the project to the `./dist/` folder with `gulp build`.
 - Optionally, to rebuild on file changes, run `gulp dev`.
 - To package .zip files for distribution, run `gulp zip`, or run the full build & zip with `gulp dist`.

 Uncompressed builds can be found in `/dist`, compressed builds can be found in `/builds` once they're built.

## Installing Local Builds on Chrome

To install your locally built extension on Chrome, [follow this guide](http://stackoverflow.com/a/24577660/272576).

The built extension is stored in `./dist/chrome/`.

## Architecture

[![Architecture Diagram](./docs/architecture.png)][1]

## Development

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

## Build for Publishing

```bash
npm run dist
```

#### In Chrome

Open `Settings` > `Extensions`.

Check "Developer mode".

At the top, click `Load Unpacked Extension`.

Navigate to your `metamask-plugin/dist/chrome` folder.

Click `Select`.

You now have the plugin, and can click 'inspect views: background plugin' to view its dev console.

#### In Firefox

Go to the url `about:debugging`.

Click the button `Load Temporary Add-On`.

Select the file `dist/firefox/manifest.json`.

You can optionally enable debugging, and click `Debug`, for a console window that logs all of Metamask's processes to a single console.

If you have problems debugging, try connecting to the IRC channel `#webextensions` on `irc.mozilla.org`.

For longer questions, use the StackOverfow tag `firefox-addons`.

### Developing on UI Only

You can run `npm run ui`, and your browser should open a live-reloading demo version of the plugin UI.

Some actions will crash the app, so this is only for tuning aesthetics, but it allows live-reloading styles, which is a much faster feedback loop than reloading the full extension.

### Developing on UI with Mocked Background Process

You can run `npm run mock` and your browser should open a live-reloading demo version of the plugin UI, just like the `npm run ui`, except that it tries to actually perform all normal operations.

It does not yet connect to a real blockchain (this could be a good test feature later, connecting to a test blockchain), so only local operations work.

You can reset the mock ui at any time with the `Reset` button at the top of the screen.

### Developing on Dependencies

To enjoy the live-reloading that `gulp dev` offers while working on the `web3-provider-engine` or other dependencies:

 1. Clone the dependency locally.
 2. `npm install` in its folder.
 3. Run `npm link` in its folder.
 4. Run `npm link $DEP_NAME` in this project folder.
 5. Next time you `npm start` it will watch the dependency for changes as well!

### Running Tests

Requires `mocha` installed. Run `npm install -g mocha`.

Then just run `npm test`.

You can also test with a continuously watching process, via `npm run watch`.

You can run the linter by itself with `gulp lint`.

#### Writing Browser Tests

To write tests that will be run in the browser using QUnit, add your test files to `test/integration/lib`.

### Deploying the UI

 You must be authorized already on the MetaMask plugin.

 0. Update the version in `app/manifest.json` and the Changelog in `CHANGELOG.md`.
 1. Visit [the chrome developer dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard?authuser=2).
 2. Run `gulp dist` (or `gulp zip` if you've already built)
 3. Upload the latest zip file from `builds/metamask-$PLATFORM-$VERSION.zip` as the updated package.

[1]: http://www.nomnoml.com/#view/%5B%3Cactor%3Euser%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-ui%7C%0A%20%20%20%5Btools%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20react%0A%20%20%20%20%20redux%0A%20%20%20%20%20thunk%0A%20%20%20%20%20ethUtils%0A%20%20%20%20%20jazzicon%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20account-detail%0A%20%20%20%20%20accounts%0A%20%20%20%20%20locked-screen%0A%20%20%20%20%20restore-vault%0A%20%20%20%20%20identicon%0A%20%20%20%20%20config%0A%20%20%20%20%20info%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20app%0A%20%20%20%20%20metamask%0A%20%20%20%20%20identities%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%20%5BaccountManager%5D%0A%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bcomponents%5D%3A-%3E%5Bactions%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Bactions%5D%3A-%3E%5Breducers%5D%0A%20%20%20%5Breducers%5D%3A-%3E%5Bcomponents%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%7C%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5B%3Cactor%3Eui%20developer%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20developer%5D-%3E%5Bui%20code%5D%0A%20%20%5Bui%20code%5D%3C-%3E%5Bweb3%5D%0A%20%20%5Bweb3%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-inpage%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-background%7C%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%3E%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%0A%20%20%5Bhooked%20wallet%20subprovider%5D%3C-%3E%5Bid%20store%5D%0A%20%20%5Bconfig%20manager%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Brpc%20configuration%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bencrypted%20keys%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bwallet%20nicknames%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%0A%20%20%5Bprovider-engine%5D%3C-%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%20%20%5Bid%20store%5D%3C-%3E%5Bconfig%20manager%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%0A%5Buser%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%0A%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%7C%0A%20%20%5Bplugin%20restart%20detector%5D%0A%20%20%5Brpc%20passthrough%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Brpc%20%7C%0A%20%20%5Bethereum%20blockchain%20%7C%0A%20%20%20%20%5Bcontracts%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%5Baccounts%5D%0A%20%20%5D%0A%5D%0A%0A%5Bweb%20dapp%5D%3C%3A--%3A%3E%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-contentscript%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-background%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Bmetamask-ui%5D%0A%5Bmetamask-background%5D%3C-%3E%5Brpc%5D%0A
